those good guys got home from school
that a while ago popped in black ops got
to the main menu hit multiplayer the
game froze and then screen went black he
started blinking and went yellow and
shut off started back up try to get the
black ops out and I didn't work so I put
my thumb on you jack turn the switch on
sat there for a little bit like right
hit eject again disc came out I said
here black ops so that's how least not
like just get another PlayStation
instead of getting black ops in another
PlayStation so what I did well it's just
that does that so it's good guys um I
got my playstation apart there's the fan
blu-ray and msn the heat sink right
there hard drive power supply the back
motherboard and the casing and stuff um
I got to get to Canada computer tomorrow
I'll pick up some thermal paste for
thermal compound what do you want to
call it get that back on the cpu and GPU
I'm probably going to do a reflow which
is heat up the motherboard with the heat
gun just to melt all the solder so I'd
like to come back together there's like
next to no thermal compound thermal
paste on the cpu and GPU set the reason
why while odd and it's raining out of
course should be snowing but it's not a
drill makes life so much easier um took
out all the part Wi-Fi and blue
Bluetooth chip like us all the screws
underneath eastern place give everyone
the PlayStation itself
there we go follow nothing in there and
Sean so I'll be high i should be back up
gaming tomorrow um get some compound on
these uh cpu and GPU so wish me luck
hope it works should work if not i'm off
to walmart dividing playstation and
probably saw my other one is I have to
try here somewhere I don't know but yeah
all right he's up